

Know more. Outside or in.
Nest Cam is wire-free, designed to go almost anywhere, and can tell the difference between people, animals, and vehicles.¹

Google Home app required.

Nest Cam (battery)
$179.99
Choose your bundle.
Nest Cam (battery)		Nest Cam 1-pack	  
Shipping	—
Subtotal	—
Zoom in on Nest Cam.

Person alerts²


Motion detection


Two-way talk²


Offline recording³


1080p HD


HDR and night vision


Intelligent alerts in the Google Home app.
Choose the notifications you want, and take action right from the app.²


Learn more


Know what’s happening at home.
With 24/7 live view and free event video history, you can check in anytime or go back and see what happened.⁴

Learn more


Indoors or outdoors. Rain or shine.
Nest Cam is wire-free, weather resistant, and easy to install yourself.


Learn more

COMING SOON

Know more. Spot what matters.
Nest Cam with floodlight is almost here. It’s the same Nest Cam, plus two powerful LED lights and 180° motion detection.

 
Learn more
 

	
Save $30 with the Outdoor Monitoring Package.
See your Nest Cam live feed on Nest Hub, the helpful display that doubles as your home’s control center.

 
Shop now
 
Compare Nest cameras.
Explore features side by side to find the camera that best fits your needs.

 
Start comparing
 
Get more when you shop at the Google Store.
 	
 	

Google One
Get an additional 10% back in Google Store credit on all device purchases with an eligible Google One membership.*
Learn more
 
 	

Financing
Make shopping simple. Get special financing on qualifying purchases, with zero fraud liability and no annual fee.
Learn more
 
 	

Installation
With vetted pros, flexible scheduling, and honest pricing, an installation expert is ready when you are.†
Learn more
 
 
 
 
Follow Made by Google on YouTube 	 	
Follow Made by Google on Facebook	 	
Follow Made by Google on Twitter	 	
Follow Made by Google on Instagram 
Was this email helpful?
Tell us what you like about this email	Tell us what you think about this email	Tell us what we can improve on this email
We’d love to hear from you!
Help us improve by sharing your feedback in this short survey.
¹Camera is weather resistant. Some features, including mobile notifications, remote control, video streaming, and video recording, require working internet and Wi-Fi.

²Some features, including mobile notifications, remote control, video streaming, and video recording, require working internet and Wi-Fi.

³Learn more at g.co/nest/cam-mem.

⁴Up to 3 hours recording. Learn more at g.co/nest/3hours.

*For eligible Google One plans in limited countries. Restrictions apply.

†Google does not perform your Pro installation and has no responsibility or liability for the installation. We partner with Handy and OnTech, who are independent of Google. Handy is a platform for home services that connects individuals to professional installation partners, including OnTech, who will install your Google Nest Products. The professional installer connected to you is not an employee, subcontractor, or agent of Google. For your convenience you can pay for your installation through Google Store, but Google accepts the payment on behalf of Handy, whose network of licensed installers perform the installation.


© 2021 Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States

This email was sent to hello@SmilesDavis.yeah because you asked to receive offers, updates and more about devices from Google on store.google.com. If you’d like to unsubscribe, click here.
Privacy Policy    |    Terms of Service
 